# The Formation of Volcanic Islands

## error[]

Earth's surface is not made up of a single sheet of rock that forms a crust but rather a number of "tectonic plates" that fit closely, like the pieces of a giant `jigsaw puzzle`. Some plates carry islands or continents; others form the seafloor. All are slowly moving because the plates float on a denser semiliquid mantle, the layer between the crust and Earth's core. The plates have edges that are spreading ridges (where two plates are moving apart and new seafloor is being created), subduction zones (where two plates collide and one plunges beneath the other), or transform faults (where two plates neither converge nor diverge but merely move past one another). It is at the `boundaries` between plates that most of Earth's volcanism and earthquake activity occur.

1\. 地球表面是由许多地壳板块组成；2\.一些板块上有岛屿大陆，另一些形成了seafloor；3\. 板块缓慢移动；4\. 板块有边界；5\. 地震火山活动频发。

> jigsaw puzzle 拼图

Generally speaking, the interiors of plates are geologically `uneventful`. However, there are exceptions. A glance at a map of the Pacific Ocean reveals that there are many islands far out at sea that are actually volcanoes-many no longer active, some overgrown with coral-that originated from activity at points in the interior of the Pacific Plate that forms the Pacific seafloor.

许多岛屿在海中，其实他们是火山

> volcanoes originated from activity at points in the interior of the Pacific Plate that forms the Pacific seafloor
>
> 火山来自太平洋板块内部的活动。

How can volcanic activity occur so far from a plate boundary? The Hawaiian Islands provide a very instructive answer. Like many other island groups, they form a chain. The Hawaiian Island Chain extends northwest from the island of Hawaii. In the 1840s American geologist James Daly observed that the different Hawaiian Islands seem to share a similar geologic `evolution` but are progressively more eroded, and therefore probably older, toward the northwest. 

夏威夷岛有相同的地质演变，但是这些岛逐渐风化的，越往西北方形成时间越早。

> evolution [u] the gradual development of sth 演变

Then in 1963, in the early days of the development of the theory of plate tectonics, Canadian geophysicist Tuzo Wilson realized that this age progression could result if the islands were formed on a surface plate moving over a fixed volcanic source in the interior.

这些年代的渐增会发生，如果岛屿在地表板块上形成，板块在固定的内部火山源上移动。

 Wilson suggested that the long chain of volcanoes `stretching` northwest from Hawaii is simply the surface expression of a long-lived volcanic source located beneath the tectonic plate in the mantle. Today's most northwestern island would have been the first to form. Then, as the plate moved slowly northwest, new volcanic islands would have formed as the plate moved over the volcanic source. The most recent island, Hawaii, would be at the end of the chain and is now over the volcanic source.

> stretch vi延伸
>
> from scratch 从头开始



Although this idea was not immediately accepted, the dating of lavas in the Hawaii (and other) chains showed that their ages increase away from the presently active volcano, just as Daly had suggested.

Daly建议了什么呢？见上文：the different Hawaiian Islands are progressively more eroded, and therefore probably older, toward the northwest. 



 Wilson’s analysis of these data is now a central part of plate tectonics. Most volcanoes that occur in the interiors of plates are believed to be produced by mantle plumes, `columns` of molten rock that rise from deep within the mantle. A volcano remains an active”hot spot” as long as it is over the plume. The plumes apparently originate at great depths, perhaps as deep as the boundary between the core and the mantle, and many have been active for a very long time. The oldest volcanoes in the Hawaii hot-spot trail have ages close to 80 million years. Other islands, including Tahiti and Easter Islands in the Pacific, Reunion and Mauritius in the Indian Ocean, an indeed most of the large islands in the world’s oceans, owe their existence to mantle plumes.

> column 柱状物
>
> rise 和 raise
>
> raise 后必须接宾语，rise不接宾语
>
> rise表示人或物从低处向高处上升，数字上升，数量增加。
>
> raise表示举起、提起、提升、增加