Man: Hi, I talked to someone on the phone a couple of weeks ago.And I think it was?   
Woman: I am Anna, the faculty adviser.   
Man: Oh, great!I’m Peter Murphy.You probably don’t remember me, but …   
Woman: No, no, I remember you.You were interested in working for the paper.   
Man: Yeah, as a reporter.   
Woman: That’s right.Uh, you’re taking a `journalism` class and you’ve done some reporting before in high school, right?  

> journalism `[ˈdʒɜːrnəlɪzəm]`  
> n. 新闻业  
> journalist `[ˈdʒɜːrnəlɪst]`  
> n. 新闻工作者
> journal `[ˈdʒɜːrnl]`  
> n. 日报  
> journey `[ˈdʒɜːrni]`  
> n.&vi.旅行  
> They journeyed for seven long months.  
> 他们旅行了七个月  

Man: Wow, you have a good memory. 
Woman: Well, we haven’t had many students applying lately.So, anyway, you still want to do some reporting for us? 
Man: Yeah, if you have room for me on the staff. 
Woman: Well, we always need more reporters, but you know we don’t pay anything, right? 
Man: Yeah, I know.But I, uh, I’d like the experience.It will look good on my resume. 
Woman: Absolutely, let’s see.I think I told you that we ask prospective reporters to turn in some outlines for possible articles?  

> prespective reporter 准记者  
> turn sth. in  上交
> 原文：我想我告诉过你我们需要准记者为有潜力的文章上交一些大纲    

Ma: Yeah, I sent them in about a week ago.But I haven’t heard anything back yet, so, so I thought I’d stop by and see, but I guess you haven’t looked at them yet.  

> stop by  
> to make a short visit somewhere  
> I'll stop by this evening for a chat.  
> 今晚我想过去聊聊。  
> Could you stop by the store on the way home for some bread?  
> 回家的路上你能不能顺路进那家面包店买点面包。  

Woman: Oh, Max, the news editor, he looks at all the submissions.  
Man: Oh, so he hasn’t made any decision about me yet?  
Woman: Well, I just got here a few minutes ago, haven’t been in for a couple of days.Uh, just give me a second to check my email.Uh, here’s a message from Max.Let’ see.Well, it seems you’ve really impressed him.He says it’d be wonderful if you could join our staff.  

Man: Oh, great!When can I start?  
Woman: Well, you turned in an outline on something to do with the Physics Department?  
> turn in sth/ turn sth in  
> 上交  
> They turned in a petition with 80,000 signatures.  
> 他们递交了一份有八万人签名的请愿书。  
> to do with sth  
> = about  

Man: Yeah, they’re trying to come up with ways to get more students to take their introductory courses.  
Woman: Right, well, apparently nobody else is covering that story so he wants you to follow up on it.  
> cover  
> vt. 报道  
> She's covering the party annual conference.  
> 她正在报道这个政党的年会新闻。  
> follow up  
> 追查更多的情况
> The police are following up several leads after their TV appeal for information.  
> 警察在电视上呼吁提供信息后沿着几条线索继续追查。  

Man: OK, uh, what about the other outline I sent in?About the proposed increase in tuition fees?  
> propose  
> 打算；计划  
> tuition `[tuˈɪʃn]`  
> 学费  


Woman: Oh, it looks like we’ve got that covered.  
Man: So, I’m starting with an article about the Physics Department.I guess I’d better get to work.Do you have any advice on how I should cover the story?  

Woman: Well, Max wanted to talk to you, but, I’m sure he’ll tell you to find out things like why the Physics Department worried about enrollment.Has the number of students been getting smaller in recent years?By how much?What kinds of plans they’re considering to address this problem?  
> 为什么物理系担心录取学生？  
> 是不是学生在减少？
> 有什么计划解决问题？

Man: Right, some of those issues are already in what I proposed.  
Woman: And you want to do some interviews: you know, what the professors think of the plans, what the students think.You get the idea, but…  
Man: But wait till I talk to Max before proceeding?  
> proceede  
> `vi` 继续做（with sth）  
> We're not sure whether we still want to proceed with the sale.  
> 我们不确定我们是否任然继续减价促销。  

Woman: Right, he’ll cover everything you need to know to be a reporter for us.Can you come back this afternoon?He’ll be here until five o’clock.  
> cover everything  
> 告诉所有的事  