Now, in Europe, in the Middle Ages, before the invention of printing and the printing press, all books, all manuscripts, were handmade.  
> manuscript `[ˈmænjuskrɪpt]`

And the material typically used for the pages was parchment, which is animal skin that’s stretched and dried under tension, so it becomes really flat and can be written on.  
> parchment 专有名词解释：是被拉长晾干的动物皮肤。平整，可以书写。  
> stretch `v.` [stretʃ]  
> 拉长；拽宽to make sth longer, wider or looser  
> Is there any way of stretching shoes?  
> 有什么办法能把鞋子撑大吗？  

During the 1400s, when printing was being developed, paper became the predominant material for books in Europe, but prior to that, it was parchment.  
> predominant`[prɪˈdɑːmɪnənt]`  
> `adj.` having more power or influence than others 主导的  
> a predominant culture 主流文化  
> prior to `[ˈpraɪər]`  
> adj. = before  
> prior knowledge 先前的知识  

Parchment is durable—much more so than paper.And it could be reused, which came in handy since it was a costly material and in short supply.  
> so much more than = much more so than  
> 因为parchment是一种昂贵的材料且供应短缺，所以它能重复使用是非常便利的。  
> handy  
> 便利的  
> costly  
> 昂贵的  

So it wasn’t uncommon for the scribes, or monks, who produced the manuscripts— uh remember, before printing, books were made mainly in monasteries— well, the scribes often recycled the parchment that’d been used for earlier manuscripts.They simply erased the ink off the parchment and wrote something new in its place.A manuscript page that was written on, erased, and then used again is called a palimpsest.  
> palimpsest 又出现专有名词：一种手抄页面，这种页面被写下，擦去，然后再次使用。  
> scribe 抄写员  
>

Palimpsests were created … well, we know about two methods that were used for removing ink from parchment.In the late Middle Ages, it was `customary` to `scrape` away the surface of the parchment with an `abrasive`, which completely wiped out any writing that was there.But earlier in the Middle Ages, the original ink was usually removed by washing the used parchment with milk.That removed the ink, but with the passing of time the original writing might reappear.In fact, it might reappear to the extent that scholars could make out and even decipher the original text.Perhaps the most famous example is the Archimedes palimpsest.  
> customary `['kʌstə.meri]`  
> 习惯的  
> scrape `[skreɪp]`  
> vt. 刮去  
> abrasive ` [ə'breɪsɪv]`  
> n. 磨料  
> 人们习惯于用磨料刮去parchment的表面  
> make out  
> 听清，看清  
> I could just make out a figure in the darkness.  
> 黑暗中我只看出一个人的轮廓。 
> 
> text `[tekst]` 

Archimedes lived in Greece around 200 B.C.E. … And as you probably know, he’s considered one of the greatest mathematicians who ever lived, even though many of his writings had been lost, including what many now think to be his most important work, called the Method.But in 1998, a book of prayers from the Middle Ages sold at an art auction for a lot of money, more money than anyone would pay for a damaged book from the twelfth century, beautiful or not. Why?It had been discovered that the book was a palimpsest, and beneath the surface writing of the manuscript lay—guess what?— mathematical theorems and diagrams from Archimedes.  
> theorem 定理 `[θiːərəm,]`  

Archimedes’ writings were originally done on `papyrus scrolls`.Then in the tenth century, a scribe made a copy on parchment of some of his texts and diagrams, including as it turns out, the Method.This was extremely fortunate since `later on`, the original `papyrus scrolls` disappeared.  
> later on 后来；以后；其后  

About 200 years later, in the twelfth century, this parchment manuscript became a palimpsest when a scribe used the parchment to make a prayer book.So the pages, the pieces of parchment themselves had been preserved, but the Archimedes text was erased and written over, and no one knew it existed.It wasn’t until 1906 that a scholar came across the prayer book in a library and realized it was a palimpsest, and that the underlying layer of text could only have come from Archimedes.That was when his work the Method was discovered for the first time.Uh, the palimpsest then went through some more tough times, but eventually it ended up at an art auction, where it was bought and then donated to an art museum in Baltimore for `conservation` and study.  
> conservation `[ˌʌltrəˈvaɪələt]`  

To avoid further damage to the manuscript, the research team at the art museum has had to be extremely selective in the techniques they use to see the original writing.They’ve used ultraviolet light and some other techniques, and if you are interested in that sort of thing, you can learn more about it in an art conservation class.  
> papyrus [pə'paɪrəs]  
> 10世纪（900s）

But, actually, it was a physicist who came up with a method that was a breakthrough.He realized that the iron in the ancient ink would display if exposed to a certain x-ray imaging method.And except for small portions of the text that couldn’t be deciphered, this technique’s been very helpful in seeing Archimedes’ texts and drawings through the medieval overwriting.