Student: Hi, I hope you can help me.I just transferred from Northeastern State University near Chicago. 
Professor: Well, welcome to Central University .But Chicago is such a great city.Why did you leave? 
Student: Everyone asks that.It’s my hometown.And it was sure convenient to go to a school nearby.But Northeastern is still fairly small.And it doesn’t have the program I’m interested in.I want to major in international studies.And the only program in the State is here. 
Professor: We do have a great program.**Well how did you get interested in international studies? **

你怎么会喜欢上国际学研究呢？

Student: My family `hosted a few foreign exchange students` while I was growing up.Then I took part in an international summer program after I graduated from high school.I thought I really I like meeting people from all over, getting to know them.

> host a few foreign exchange students 接待一些国际交换学生



Professor: Oh, ok, and that led you to our program.Right now though I think you are looking for a job. 
Student: Yeah, a part time job on campus.**I thought I’d save money, being away from the big city.** But it doesn’t seem to be working that way.Anyway I’m not having much luck. 

我本以为远离大城市，我能省下一笔钱。

Professor: I’m not surprised. Most of our campus jobs are taken in the first week or two of the semester.What work experience have you had? 
Student: Well, I worked in the university library last year.But I already checked at the library here.They said their remaining positions were for `work-study students` getting `financial aid`.I’ve never run into that before. 

> work-study students 边学边工作
>
> financial aid 经济援助

Professor: Well, I guess each school has its own policies.Uh, we really don’t have much right now.You might be better if you are waiting until next semester.If you really want something, how are your computer skills? 
Student: `About average I’d say.`I helped teach some of the basic computer classes.Northeastern offers for new users, if that helps any. 

> average I'd say 普普通通我会说。

Professor: OK, The technology support department needs people to work its `helpdesk`.It’s basically a customer service job, answering questions, helping people solve their computer problems, give you a chance to develop your people skills. 

> helpdesk 帮助台

Student: Something every `diplomat` needs.But is there some problem?I mean why is the job still open? 

> diplomat n. 外交官 adj. 善于交际的

Professor: Well, they have extended hours, from 6 am to 2 am every day.So they need a large staff.But right now they only need people early mornings, late nights, and weekends.**You’d probably end up with a bit of everything rather than a regular spot.**On the bright side you’ll probably be able to get some studying done between calls.At least it could be a start and then you can try for better hours next semester. 
Student: Um, I see why the hours might be a problem.But I guess I can’t afford to be too picky if I want a job.Still maybe we can work something out.