Professor: Anybody else?Not too many.Isn’t that strange that the Milky Way is the galaxy `that the planet earth is in`, and most of us have never seen it?Now, what’s the problem here?

> the planet Earth is in the galaxy.地球在银河星系里

Yes, Especially unshielded street light, you know, ones that aren’t pointed downward. Now, here’s an irony, the building we are in now, the astronomy building not far from our `observatory`, has unshielded lights.

我们现在在的这所建筑是天文大楼，离我们的瞭望台不远，这所大楼也有不被遮蔽的电灯。

> irony 可笑之处，有讽刺意味的情况
>
> observatory 瞭望台
>
> unshielded 没有遮挡的

**It is basically beyond control, as far as expecting to view the night sky anywhere near city, I mean.**I have lived around here my whole life.And I have never seen the Milky Way within city `limits`, and I probably never will.There is a price for progress, eh?But let’s think beyond light pollution, that’s only one kind of a technological advance that has `interfered` with astronomical research.

**0- light pollution; unshielded street lights**

> limit 限度；限制
>
> city limits 市区范围
>
> interfere 干预 to get involved in and try to influence a situation that does not convern you.

Ok, let’s look at it this way, we don’t only gain information by looking at the stars, for the past 70 years or so, we have also used radio astronomy, which lets us study radio waves from the sky.

When photons and light waves hit objects in our atmosphere, water droplets, oxygen and nitrogen molecules, dust particles and so on, these objects are `illuminated`, they are lit up, and those things are also being lit by all our street lights, by the moon, all these ambient light.And on top of that, when that visible radiation bounces off those molecules, it `scatters` in all directions. And well, light from stars, even nearby in our own galaxy, doesn’t stand a chance against that.Basically the light bouncing off all these objects close to earth is brighter than what’s coming from the stars.

在地球附近反弹的光比来自星星的光要亮。

> illuminate 照亮
>
> scatter 四散
>
> stand a chance (of doing sth) 有可能成功

Now, radio waves are electromagnetic radiation that we can’t see.Nearly all astronomical objects in space emit radio waves, whether nearby stars, objects in faraway galaxies, they all `give off` radio waves.And unlike visible light waves, these radio waves can get through the various gases and dusts in space, and through our own earth’s atmosphere comparatively easily.

**1- radio wave useful**

**give off radio waves**

**get through gases and dusts**

give off radio waves = emit radio waves

get through = pass through

> give off 发出，放出（气味，热量，光等）

Well, the thing is, with the radio astronomy, you can’t just set up a telescope in your backyard and observe stars.One problem is that radio waves from these far away objects, even though they can get through, are extremely `faint`.So we need to use radio telescopes, specially designed to receive these waves and then, well, we can use computers to create pictures based on the information we receive.

**2- shortage of radio astronomy**

**week and interference from phone signal and stuff like that**

> faint 虚弱的

