Multiply A by B A乘以B

decimal 小数点

divide A by B A除以B
Mercury, Venus Earth Mars Ceres  Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune

水星         金星     地球   火星  谷神星  木星    土星     天王星 海王星

Right, in astronomical units—not perfect, but tantalizingly close.The value for Mars is off by ...6 or 7 percent or so.It’s ...but it’s within 10 percent of the average distance to Mars from the Sun.But I kind of have to skip the one after Mars for now.Then Jupiter’s right there at 5-point something, and then Saturn is about 10 astronomical units from the Sun.Um, well, this pattern is known as Bode’s Law.

> tantalizingly close 比较接近
>
> be off by 6 or 7 percent 偏离百分之六到百分之七
>
> it's within 10 percent of the average distance to Mars from the Sun
>
> it指代the value, 火星上的那个数字偏差在火日平均距离的百分之十以内。

The next planet out, Uranus—after Saturn.And look, Uranus fits in the next spot in the pattern pretty nicely, um, not perfectly, but close. And so then people got really excited about the validity of this thing **and** finding the missing object between Mars and Jupiter.And telescopes, remember, were getting better. So people went to work on finding objects that would be at that missing distance from the Sun, and then in 1801, the object Ceres was discovered.

> and 平行结构四选二 为什么人们能发现缺失的那颗行星。

And Ceres was in the right place—the missing spot.Uh, but it was way too `faint` to be a planet.It looked like a little star.Uh, and because of its starlike appearance, um, it was called an “asteroid.” OK? “Aster” is Greek for “star,” as in “astronomy.” Um, and so, Ceres was the first and is the largest of what became many objects discovered at that same distance.**Not just one thing, but all the objects found at that distance from the asteroid belt.**So the asteroid belt is the most famous success of this Bode’s Law.That’s how the asteroid belt was discovered.

> faint = very small `[feɪnt]`
>
> asteroid 小行星 `[ˈæstərɔɪd]`
>
> Not just one thing, 还有
>
> **黑体**
>
> Ceres is the largest of all the objects found at that distance from the asteroid belt.
>
> 谷神星是所有在那个距离里面发现的最大的。

to contrast Bode's law with a real scientific law.

去比较Bode定律和真实的科学定律的差别。

### 专有名词

bode‘s law

it’s attempting a pattern in the spacing of the planets, and it was noticed by Bode hundreds of years ago.

尝试行星空间的模式