We have been talking about the transformation—the industrialization of United States economy in 19th century.As the country shifted from an agricultural to an industrial base, political power shifted too.Businesses became…a lot of power went…went…went…went from the government into the hands of business leaders. 

> sth go from ... into the hands of...
>
> 权利从政府转变到商业领袖手上

So, why did this happen?How did an elite group, a few `business giants`, how did they end up **dominating, controlling a number of important national industries** in the last quarter of the 19th century?How did they get to be so dominant?How did they figure out?How did they `take advantage of` the new industrialization of American society? 

> end up doing sth
>
> 最终成为；最终处于
>
> 他们最终统治了很多重要的国家行业
>
> get to be = become

Well, consider the example of Andrew Carnegie and the steel industry. 
We have already discussed the development of a national network...a national system of railroads.Well, this growth created a tremendous demand for steel.A national railroad system needs a lot of railroad `tracks`, right?And Carnegie `seized the opportunity`.He built the world's most modern steel mill.

> railroad tracks 火车轨道
>
> ​			  `[træk]`
>
> seized the opportunity 抓住机会
>
> `[siːzd]`

And he came up with a system of business organization called Vertical Integration. 
Vertical Integration just means that...all...every single activity of a particular industry's processing is performed by a single company.In the case of the steel industry, this means the mining of `iron ore`, the transportation used to get ore from the mine to the mill, turning the ore into the steel, the manufacturing process and sales.Carnegie controlled all of these.He practiced Vertical Integration on such a large `scale` that he practically owned the whole steel industry.This, of course, gave him a lot of `political clout`.Just a quick `sketch`, but you get the idea, right? 

> iron  ore
>
> 铁矿石
>
> on such a large scale 在如此之大的规模之上
>
> ​							`[skeɪl]`
>
> political clout 政治权利
>
> ​				`[klaʊt] ` 

Here is another example: John D.Rockefeller. 
Rockefeller owned an `oil refinery`, but he wanted to expand his business.Since there was lots of competition in the industry, he thought **the smart way `to go about it` would be to buy his competitors' businesses.[1]**But at the time it was illegal for one corporation to control another.So what he did was: he created an organizational structure called a trust.A trust is... **well I don't have to go into that now.[2] **

> go about sth
>
> 开始做某事
>
> [1] to go about it 做后置定语，开始做这件事最聪明的方法是买竞争对手的公司。
>
> [2] 我现在不想讲。

`What matters is that` a trust created a single, central management team.**And that team directed the activities of what otherwise still appeared to be independent companies.**This new...uh...legal entity worked so well that at one point Rockefeller controlled 90% of the country's oil refineries, which again gave him lots of political power. 

> what matter is that 重要的是。。。

So you've got two different approaches to expanding a business, and both were quite effective.Of course, these weren't the only two examples.A number of big businesses run by powerful individuals developed across `a wide range of` industries, like railroads, food processing, electricity.But `what they all had in common was`: the government let them operate pretty much how they wanted to. 

> A wide range of 
>
> 一系列
>
> what they all had in common was
>
> 他们相同的是：

So why did they do that?Why did the government keep such `a low profile` and allow individuals to gain so much control of the industries?Well, obviously, they had the wealth and the power to influence political leaders. 

> a low profile 
>
> 低姿态

`But also`, the truth is that these industry leaders made a significant contribution.Their investments in technologies led to the development of many new production techniques, which `strengthened the economy`.And many of them gave lots of money to charity.Andrew Carnegie was particularly admired for his `generosity`. 

> strengthen the economy 
>
> 强化经济
>
> generosity [ˌdʒenəˈrɑːsəti]

But there was one thing in particular that gave them power.And that's they were beneficiaries, probably the biggest beneficiaries of a theory, a dominant political theory in the 19th century, something called laissez-faire doctrine. 
Laissez-faire roughly means "let it alone".And that pretty much summarized the theory's philosophy.The idea was that government should leave business alone, allow it to operate unregulated.Legislators weren't supposed to pass a lot of laws, or worry about regulating business practices.When people did `challenge a company's business conduct`, I mean, I mean, in court cases, well, the few laws that did exist were usually interpreted in favor of business interests. 

> challenge a company's business conduct
>
> 质疑公司的商业行为

But over time, it started becoming increasingly obvious and troubling to the public that some of these big companies simply had too much control.There were criticisms that owners had too much opportunity to exploit workers, workers and consumers, because they could control prices and wages.And small business owners and small farmers couldn't compete. 
So there was bad press, bad publicity, enough that the government eventually felt it had to do something.So it passed two key pieces of legislation.One law was designed to regulate the prices set by the railroads; another made it illegal for trusts to be used to limit competition.Both were aimed `squarely` at reducing the exclusive control that existed in some industries. 

> squarely = directly
>
> 直截了当地
>
> The responsibility for the crisis rests squarely on the government. 