Last week, we `covered some arguments` against going back to the Moon.But there are compelling reasons in favor of another Moon landing too, um… not the least of which is trying to pinpoint the moon’s age.

> compelling reasons 引人入胜的理由
>
> cover some arguments 提到一些观点
>
> pinpoint one's age 测定年龄

unlike earlier lunar missions, Clementine didn’t orbit only around the moon’s `equator`. Its orbits enabled it to send back data to create this `topographical map` of … well, the grey and white area towards the bottom is the South Pole, the purples and blues in the middle `correspond` to low `elevations` - the SPA Basin itself, the oranges and reds around it are higher elevations.

> equator 赤道
>
> topographical map `[ˌtɑːpəˈɡræfɪk]`地势图
>
> correspond to 相当于
>
> elevation `[ˌelɪˈveɪʃn]`

The basin measures an amazing 2,500 km in diameter, and its average depth is 12 km.That makes it the biggest known crater in our solar system and it may well be the oldest.You know `planetary researchers` love studying deep craters to learn about the impacts that created them, how they `redistributed` pieces of the planet’s crust.  And in this case, we especially want to know if any of the mantle, the layer beneath the crust, was `exposed` by the impact.Not everyone agrees, but some experts are convinced that whatever created the SPA Basin did penetrate the Moon’s mantle.And we need to find out, because much more than the crust, the mantle contains information about a planet’s or Moon’s total `composition`.And that’s key to understanding planet formation. 



> planetary researchers 行星研究人员`[ˈplænəteri]`
>
> redistribute 重新分配
>
> expose `[ɪkˈspoʊz]`
>
> composition `[ˌkɑːmpəˈzɪʃn]`成分[u]
>
> planet formation 行星形成的过程

Well, from radio survey data, we know that the basin contains lots of smaller craters. So it must be really old, about 4 billion years, give or take a few hundred million years.But that’s not very precise.If we had rock samples to study, we’d know whether these small craters were formed by impacts during the final stages of planetary formation, or if they resulted from later meteor showers.

> radio survey data 无线电探测数据
>
> give or take 相差不到

No…, but such crude estimates…um…we can do better than that.Besides, there’s other things worth `investigating`, like is there water ice on the moon?Clementine’s data indicated that the wall of the south-polar crater was more reflective than expected.So some experts think there’s probably ice there.Also, data from a later mission indicates significant `concentrations` of hydrogen and by inference water, less than a meter underground at both poles.

> hydrogen `[ˈhaɪdrədʒən] `
>
> concentration 浓度
>
> investigate 调查

But `hauling` tons of equipment to the moon to make fuel and build a life support system for a moon base, wouldn’t that be too expensive? 
Professor: Permanent base, maybe `a ways off`, but we shouldn’t have to wait for that.The dust at the bottom of the SPA Basin really does have a fascinating story to tell.I wouldn’t give for a few samples of it.

> haul 拖，拉，拽
>
> a ways off 很久以后
>
> Maybe a ways off, we will all become famous scientists.
>
> 也许很久以后，我们会成为有名的科学家。
>
> fly - flew - flown 

