# Seventeenth-Century European Economic Growth 

## 17世纪欧洲经济增长

### 错题集

（1）

In the late sixteenth century and into the seventeenth, Europe continued the growth that had lifted it `out of` the relatively less prosperous medieval period (from the mid 400s to the late 1400s). Among the key factors behind this growth were increased agricultural productivity and an expansion of trade.

1\. 欧洲持续增长已经使他脱离相对不富裕的中世纪。2\. 农业产量增长和贸易规模扩大。

> out of 脱离
>
> less prosperous 较少的繁华

 

Much of the potential for European economic development lay in what `at first glance` would seem to have been only sleepy villages. Such villages, however, generally lay in regions of relatively advanced agricultural production, `permitting` not only the survival of `peasants` but also the accumulation of an agricultural surplus for investment. They had access to urban `merchants`, markets, and trade routes.

许多欧洲经济发展的潜力存在于那些第一眼看起来只是沉睡的山村。然而，这样的山村存在于农业生产相对高级的地方，这使得不仅农民活下来了，而且农业过剩投资的积累。农民已经可以接触到城市批发商，市场和贸易路径。

> permit 准许
>
> peasant 农民
>
> product 产品
>
> production 生产，产量[u]

Increased agricultural production `in turn` facilitated rural industry, an intrinsic part of the expansion of industry. Woolens and textile manufacturers, in particular, utilized rural cottage (in-home) production, which took advantage of cheap and plentiful rural labor. In the German states, the ravages of the Thirty Years’ War (1618-1648) `further` moved textile production into the countryside. Members of poor peasant families spun or wove cloth and linens at home for `scant` remuneration in an attempt to supplement meager family income.

增长的农作物促进农业。羊毛和纺织工厂利用农村的廉价而大量的生产力。在德国，三十年的战争更是将纺织生产迁移到农村

> in turn 转而 as a result of sth in a series of events
>
> intrinsic adj. 内在的，本身的。
>
> labor n. 劳动力
>
> further 进一步 to a greater degree or extent
>
> The police decided to investigate further.
>
> scant 一丁点的
>
> remuneration 薪水

More extended trading networks also helped develop Europe’s economy in this period. English and Dutch ships carrying rye from the Baltic states reached Spain and Portugal. Population growth generated an expansion of small-scale manufacturing, particularly of handicrafts, textiles, and metal production in England, Flanders, parts of northern Italy, the southwestern German states, and parts of Spain. Only iron `smelting` and mining required `marshaling` a significant amount of `capital` (wealth invested to create more wealth).

在哪个时候，更加扩展的贸易网络也帮助发展欧洲经济。英国和荷兰的船只带着颜料冲Baltic states 到达西班牙和Portugal。人口增长造成一个小规模工厂的扩大，特别是手工产品，纺织物和金属产品。只有炼铁术和挖矿需要大量的资金。

> marshal vt 结集；收集；安排
>
> smelt 熔炼；提炼
>
> capital [u] 财富

The development of banking and other financial services contributed to the expansion of trade. By the middle of the sixteenth century, financiers and traders commonly accepted `bills of exchange` in place of gold or silver for other goods. Bills of exchange, which had their origins in medieval Italy, were promissory notes (written promises to pay a specified amount of money by a certain date) that could be sold to third parties. In this way, they provided credit. At mid-century, an Antwerp financier only slightly exaggerated when he claimed, “0ne can no more trade without bills of exchange than sail without water." Merchants no longer had to carry gold and silver over long, dangerous journeys. An Amsterdam merchant purchasing soap from a merchant in Marseille could go to an exchanger and pay the exchanger the equivalent sum in guilders, the Dutch currency. The exchanger would then send a bill of exchange to a colleague in Marseille, authorizing the colleague to pay the Marseille merchant in the merchant’s own currency after the actual exchange of goods had taken place.

银行和金融服务的发展促进了贸易的扩展。

> bills of exchange 汇票
>
> exchaner 交易所

The rapid expansion in international trade also benefitted from an `infusion` of capital, stemming largely from gold and silver brought by Spanish vessels from the Americas. This capital financed the production of goods, storage, trade, and even credit across Europe and overseas. Moreover an increased credit supply was generated by investments and loans by bankers and wealthy merchants to states and by joint-stock partnerships - an English innovation (the first major company began in 1600). Unlike short-term financial cooperation between investors for a single commercial undertaking, joint-stock companies provided permanent funding of capital by drawing on the investments of merchants and other investors who purchased shares in the company.

> infusion of capital 资金的注入