# Transition to Sound in Film

## error[6]

Yet this most fundamental standard of `historical periodization` conceals a host of paradoxes. Nearly every movie theater, however modest, had a piano or organ to provide musical accompaniment to silent pictures. In many instances, spectators in the era before recorded sound experienced elaborate aural presentations alongside movies’ visual images, from the Japanese benshi (narrators) crafting multivoiced dialogue narratives to original musical compositions performed by symphony-size orchestras in Europe and the United States. In Berlin, for the premiere performance outside the Soviet Union of The Battleship Potemkin, film director Sergei Eisenstein worked with Austrian composer Edmund Meisel (1874-1930) on a musical score matching sound to image; the Berlin screenings with live music helped to bring the film its wide international fame.

Beyond that, the triumph of recorded sound has overshadowed the rich diversity of technological and aesthetic experiments with the visual image that were going forward simultaneously in the 1920s. New color processes, larger or differently shaped screen sizes, multiple-screen projections, even television, were among the developments invented or tried out during the period, sometimes with `startling` success. The high costs of converting to sound and the early limitations of sound technology were among the factors that suppressed innovations or retarded advancement in these other areas. The introduction of new screen formats was `put off `for a quarter century, and color, though utilized over the next two decades for special productions, also did not become a norm until the 1950s.

录音的胜利超越了关于视觉图像的科技和美学实验，这些实验在同时期发展。

> startling 惊人的
>
> put sth off 推迟
>
> The introduciton of new screen formats was put off for a quarter century.

Though it may be difficult to imagine from a later perspective, `a strain of` critical opinion in the 1920s predicted that sound film would be a technical `novelty` that would soon fade from sight, just as had many previous attempts, dating well back before the First World War, to link images with recorded sound. These critics were making a common assumption-that the technological inadequacies of earlier efforts (poor synchronization, weak sound amplification, fragile sound recordings) would invariably occur again. To be sure, their evaluation of the technical flaws in 1920s sound experiments `was not so far off the mark`, yet they `neglected to take into account` important new forces in the motion picture field that, in a sense, would not take no for an answer.

1、虽然从之后的观点看很难想象，一些批评的观点预测有声电影将会成为一件科技创新很快退出人们的视野，就像追溯到一站之前，很多将图像和声音链接起来的尝试一样已经消失了。这些评论家做了一个普通的猜想-早期科技成果不完善将会再次发生。

> novelty [c]新奇的事物
>
> date back (to) ... 追溯到
>
> date from 始于
>
> be off the mark 不准确，离题
>
> not to be accurate in a guess
>
> 所以文中的Their evaluation of the technical flaws in 1920s sound experiments was not so far off the mark. 意思是对于声音实验缺陷的评估是非常准确的。
>
> in a sense 在某种意义上