## error 【2，8】

Ever since Europeans first explored Australia, people have been trying to understand the ancient rock drawings and carvings created by the Aborigines, the original inhabitants of the continent. Early in the nineteenth century, `encounters` with Aboriginal rock art tended to be infrequent and **open to speculative interpretation**, but since the late nineteenth century, awareness of the extent and variety of Australian rock art has been growing. In the latter decades of the twentieth century there were intensified efforts to understand and record the abundance of Australian rock art.

自从欧洲人探索澳洲，人们已经尽力理解Aborigines祖先的石画和雕刻，他们是这片大陆的原住民。在19世纪早期，遇到Aboriginal 岩石画是少有的并且，但是自19世纪晚期，澳大利亚岩石画的规模和种类的认识一致在提高。在之后20世纪的几十年中，更多的努力去理解和记录澳大利亚的洞画的丰富性。

> encounter vt 遇到
>
> n. 相遇 ～ （with sb/sth）

The systematic study of this art is a relatively new discipline in Australia. Over the past four decades new discoveries have `steadily` added to the body of knowledge. The most significant data have come from a concentration on three major questions. First, what is the age of Australian rock art? Second, what is its stylistic organization and is it possible to `discern` a sequence or a pattern of development between styles? Third, is it possible to interpret accurately `the subject matter of ancient rock art`, bringing to bear all available archaeological techniques and the knowledge of present-day Aboriginal informants?

对rock art的研究成为一门学科，稳步发展。三个问题：1、澳大利亚石头艺术什么时候出现的。2、风格组织是什么？3、

> steady adj.
>
> developing, growing, etc. gradually and in an even and regular way.
>
> 稳步的，持续的
>
> discern vt. 识别出

Although the remarkable `antiquity` of Australia's rock art is now established, the sequences and meanings of its images have been widely debated. Since the mid-1970s a reasonably stable picture has formed of the organization of Australian rock art. In order to create a sense of structure to this picture, researchers have relied on a `distinction` that still `underlies` the forms of much `indigenous` visual culture-a distinction between geometric and figurative elements. Simple geometric repeated patterns-circles, concentric circles, and lines-constitute the iconography (characteristic images) of the earliest rock-art sites found across Australia. The frequency with which certain simple motifs appear in these oldest sites has led rock-art researchers to adopt a descriptive term-the Panaramitee style-a label which takes its name from the extensive rock pavements at Panaramitee North in desert South Australia, which are covered with motifs pecked into the surface. **Certain features of these engravings lead to the conclusion that they are of great age-geological changes had clearly happened after the designs had been made and local Aboriginal `informants`, when first questioned about them, seemed to know nothing of their origins. **Furthermore, the designs were covered with "desert varnish," a `glaze` that develops on rock surfaces over thousands of years of exposure to the elements. The simple motifs found at Panaramitee are common to many rock-art sites across Australia. Indeed, sites with engravings of geometric shapes are also to be found on the island of Tasmania, which was separated from the mainland of the continent some 10,000 years ago.

1\. 图案的顺序和意义有待讨论。2\.某些特征说明年纪大

> antiquity 文物
>
> underlie 构成。。。的基础；作为。。。的原因
>
> distinction 差别
>
> indigenous 当地的
>
> informant 提供资料的人
>
> lines-constitute 直线构成
>
> glaze 釉

In the 1970s, when the study of Australian archaeology was in an exciting phase of development, with the great `antiquity` of rock art becoming clear, Lesley Maynard, the archaeologist who `coined` the phrase "Panaramitee style," suggested that a sequence could be determined for Australian rock art in which a geometric style `gave way to` a simple figurative style (outlines of figures and animals), followed by a range of complex figurative styles that, unlike the pan-Australian geometric tradition, tended to much greater regional diversity. While accepting that this sequence fits the archaeological profile of those sites, which were occupied continuously over many thousands of years, a number of writers have warned that the `underlying` assumption of such a sequence-a development from the simple and the geometric to the complex and naturalistic-obscures the cultural continuities in Aboriginal Australia in which geometric symbolism remains fundamentally important. In this context the simplicity of a geometric motif may be more apparent than real. Motifs of seeming simplicity can encode complex meanings in Aboriginal Australia. And has not twentieth-century art shown that naturalism does not necessarily follow abstraction in some kind of predetermined sequence?

1、澳洲石头画的序列可以被定义

> antiquity 文物
>
> coin the phrase 创造了词语
>
> A give way to B A被B替代
>
> underlying 潜在的