# Islamic Art and Book

## error[4，9]

### Paragragh 1

The arts of the Islamic book, such as calligraphy and decorative drawing, developed during A.D.900 to 1500, and luxury books are some of the most characteristic examples of Islamic art produced in this period.

伊斯兰书的艺术发展于公元900到1500，并且奢侈的书本是一些在那个时期产生的最有特点的伊斯兰艺术的例子。

> calligraphy 书法
>
> A.D. Anno Domini 公元
>
> B.C. Before Christ 公元前

 This came about from two major developments: paper became common, replacing `parchment` as the major medium for writing, and `rounded scripts` were regularized and perfected so that they replaced the `angular scripts` of the previous period, which because of their `angularity` were uneven in height. Books became major `vehicles` for artistic expression, and the artists who produced them, notably calligraphers and painters, enjoyed high status, and their workshops were often `sponsored` by princes and their courts.

伊斯兰艺术发展是由于两大进步：1、纸张变得普遍；2、书籍成为主要的艺术表达手段。

> This 指代伊斯兰艺术发展这件事
>
> vehicle n.
>
> something that can be used to express your ideas or feelings or as a way of achieving sth.
>
> rectangle n. 矩形
>
> regularize vt 使合法化
>
> rounded script 圆形字体
>
> angular script 方形字体
>
> angularity 棱角
>
> even 同样大小的
>
> uneven 大小不一样的
>
> their `angularity` were uneven in height
>
> 他们的棱角高度不一样。
>
> sponsor vt 赞助

### Paragraph2

Before A.D.900, manuscripts of the Koran (the book containing the teachings of the Islamic religion) seem to have been the most common type of book produced and decorated, but after that date a wide range of books were produced for a broad spectrum of patrons. These continued to include, of course, manuscripts of the Koran, which every Muslim wanted to read, but scientific works, histories, romances, and epic and lyric poetry were also copied in fine handwriting and decorated with beautiful illustrations. Most were made for sale on the open market, and cities boasted special souks (markets) where books were bought and sold. The `mosque` of Marrakech in Morocco is known as the Kutubiyya, or Booksellers' Mosque, after the adjacent market. Some of the most luxurious books were specific `commissions` made at the order of a particular prince and signed by the calligrapher and decorator.

公元900之前，Koran的手稿曾经是最常见的书籍类型。公元900之后由于大量的赞助商，大量书籍被制造。Koran的手稿，科学成果，历史书籍，浪漫主义书籍，史诗和抒情诗。大多数在公共市场制作售卖以及城市有买卖图书的special souks。

> boast 有（值得自豪的东西）
>
> mosque 清真寺
>
> commission 委托
>
> after 因为 = because of

### Paragragh 3

Papermaking had been introduced to the Islamic lands from China in the eighth century. `It has been said that` Chinese papermakers were among the prisoners captured in a battle fought near Samarqand between the Chinese and the Muslims in 751, and the technique of papermaking-in which cellulose pulp `extracted from` any of several plants `is first suspended in water`, caught on a fine screen, and then dried into flexible sheets-slowly spread westward. Within fifty years, the government in Baghdad was using paper for documents. Writing in ink on paper, unlike parchment, could not easily be erased, and therefore paper had the advantage that it was difficult to alter what was written on it. Papermaking spread quickly to Egypt-and eventually to Sicily and Spain-but it was several centuries before paper supplanted parchment for copies of the Koran, probably because of the conservative nature of religious art and its practitioners. In western Islamic lands, parchment continued to be used for manuscripts of the Koran throughout this period.

造纸术从中国引进伊斯兰大地。751传入，50年后Bagehdad用纸来记录文件。在纸上写字不容易擦除-》难篡改。造纸术很快传到埃及，但花了很长一段时间替换羊皮纸来抄录Koran，因为宗教艺术和参与者的保守。在西伊斯兰大地，羊皮纸继续被用作Koran的手稿。

> it is said that/ it has been said that 据说
>
> extract sth (from sb/sth) 提取；提炼
>
> be suspended in sth 悬浮
>
> supplant vt 替换
>
> conservative adj. 保守的

### Paragraph 4

Rounded styles of Arabic handwriting had long been used for correspondence and documents alongside the formal angular scripts used for inscriptions and manuscripts of the Koran. Around the year 900, Ibn Muqla, who was a secretary and vizier at the Abbasid court in Baghdad, developed a system of proportioned writing. He standardized the length of alif, the first letter of the Arabic alphabet, and then determined what the size and shape of all other letters should be, based on the alif. Eventually, six round forms of handwriting, composed of three pairs of big and little scripts known collectively as the Six Pens, became the standard repertory of every calligrapher.