# The Use of the Camera Obscura

## error

The `precursor` of the modern camera, the camera obscura is a darkened `enclosure` into which light is admitted through a lens in a small hole. **The image of the illuminated area outside the enclosure is thrown `upside` down as if by magic onto a surface in the darkened enclosure. **This technique was known as long ago as the fifth century B.C. in China. Aristotle also experimented with it in the fourth century B.C., and Leonardo da Vinci described it in his notebooks in 1490. In 1558 Giovanni Battista Della Porta wrote in his twenty-volume work Magia naturalis (meaning "natural magic") instructions for adding a `convex` lens to improve the quality of the image thrown against a canvas or panel in the darkened area where its outlines could be traced. Later, portable camera obscuras were developed, with interior mirrors and drawing tables on which the artist could trace the image. For the artist, this technique allows forms and linear perspective to be drawn precisely as they would be seen from a single viewpoint. Mirrors were also used to reverse projected images to their original positions.

现在照相机的先驱，obscura是一个可以让光通过小孔进入的黑盒。被照亮区域的图片被扔到上面.Porta 在书中写道：增加一块凸透镜以提高投影在一块帆布或面板上的图片质量，图片的轮廓可以被绘出。

> precursor n. 先驱(of/to sth)
>
> enclosure n. 外壳
>
> admit 准许。。。进入
>
> convex lens 凸透镜
>
> trace vt. 绘出，勾画出
>
> throw 投射（阴影）
>
> The trees threw long shadows across the lawn.
>
> 树木在草坪上投下长长的影子。

 Did some of the masters of painting, then, trace their images using a camera obscura? Some art historians are now looking for clues of artists' use of such devices. One of the artists whose paintings are being analyzed from this point of view is the great Dutch master, Jan Vermeer, who lived from 1632 to 1675 during the flowering of art and science in the Netherlands, including the science of optics. Vermeer produced only about 30 known paintings, including his famous The Art of Painting. **The room shown in it closely resembles the room in other Vermeer paintings, with lighting coming from a window on the left, the same roof beams, and similar floor tiles, suggesting that the room was fitted with a camera obscura on the side in the foreground. **The map hung on the opposite wall was a real map in Vermeer s possession, reproduced in such faithful detail that some kind of tracery is suspected. When one of Vermeer’s paintings was X-rayed, it did not have any `preliminary sketches` on the canvas beneath the paint, but rather the complete image drawn in black and white without any trial sketches. Vermeer did not have any students, did not keep any records, and did not encourage anyone to visit his studio, facts that can be interpreted as protecting his secret use of a camera obscura .

是不是有些大师画画也用了obscura？ 历史学家在寻找线索。 荷兰大师Vermeer的画被用这个观点分析。著名的画。房间和其他画中的像。

> faithful 准确可靠的
>
> exact adj. 精准的
>
> preliminary sketches 草图
>
> resemble sth/sb vt 像
>
> fit 安置
>
> The rooms were all fitted with smoke alarms.
>
> 所有房间都安装了烟雾报警器。

 In recent times the British artist David Hockney has published his investigations into the secret use of the camera obscura, claiming that for up to 400 years, many of Western art’s great masters probably used the device to produce almost photographically realistic details in their paintings. He includes in this group Caravaggio, Hans Holbein, Leonardo da Vinci, Diego Velazquez. Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres, Agnolo Bronzino, and Jan van Eyck. From an artist’s point of view, Hockney observed that a camera obscura compresses the complicated forms of a three-dimensional scene into two-dimensional shapes that can easily be traced and also increases the `contrast` between light and dark, leading to the chiaroscuro effect seen in many of these paintings. In Jan van Eyck’s The Marriage of Giovanni Arnolfini and Giovanna Cenami, the complicated foreshortening in the chandelier and the intricate detail in the bride's garments are among the clues that Hockney thinks point to the use of the camera obscura.

许多大师都用这个装置画画。将三维风景压缩成两维。

> contrast （摄影和绘画中）颜色反差，明暗对比
>
> foreshorten 用透视法缩小或缩短