\_\_\_\_\_

Hi Mathew, I'm glad you could come in today.

You've been \_\_\_\_\_ Mr. Grabell's third-grade class for your \_\_\_\_\_ to Education paper, right?

> observing
>
> Approaches

<-MALE STUDENT:->Um… yes…I go over to Johnson elementary school.. you know to watch Mr. Grabell teach the children in class.It's been amazing, I mean, I'm just learning so much from just watching him.I'm so glad the classroom observations are a requirement for the education program.I mean it's like the best thing ever to prepare you to be a good teacher.

<-FEMALE PROFESSOR:->Well, I'm glad to see you feel that way, Mathew. You know, that's the goal.So … I’ve been reading over your observation notes, and I’m quite interested in what’s going on—in \_\_\_\_\_ with the astronomy unit he’s been teaching.

> particular

<-MALE STUDENT:->[questioning, not sure where it’s leading] The astronomy unit?

<-FEMALE PROFESSOR:->It seems that Mr. Grable has mastered the \_\_\_\_\_ approach to teaching that we've been talking about in class.

> interdisciplinary 跨学科的

<-MALE STUDENT:->Oh, OK. [trying to think of an example] Yeah, so like when he was teaching them astronomy … he didn’t just teach them the names of the planets. He used it as way to teach \_\_\_\_\_.

<-FEMALE PROFESSOR:->Really? so, how did he do that?

<-MALE STUDENT:->Well, some of the students could already name the planets, but they didn't know that the names had any meaning - the stories behind them.

<-FEMALE PROFESSOR:->[Leading] So he…

<-MALE STUDENT:->He introduced Greek and Roman mythology as a way of explaining.Like, you know, how like Jupiter's the biggest planet, right, and how Jupiter was the name of the king of the gods in Roman mythology, right?So since Jupiter, the planet, is the largest planet in our solar system, it's like the king of the planets, like Jupiter was the king of all the gods.

<-FEMALE PROFESSOR:->Oh Matthew, that's a great example!

<-MALE STUDENT:->Yeah … and each student chose a planet, and then did research on it to write a report and make a presentation.They went to the library to do the research. Then they made presentations about the planet they chose.

<-FEMALE PROFESSOR:->So in one science unit, in which the focus was astronomy, the students also learned about the \_\_\_\_\_ of Greek and Roman mythology, used research skills in the library, wrote a report, and practiced their \_\_\_\_\_ skills?

<-MALE STUDENT:->Exactly! He used this one topic to teach \_\_\_\_\_ all that stuff - how to use the books in the library, to write reports, and even how to speak in public.Plus they had a great time doing it.

<-FEMALE PROFESSOR:->You know, Mathew, this is just what we've been talking about in our class. and I'm sure everyone could learn something from your experience, [pause]You know, Mathew, I'd love for you to talk about this astronomy unit in class on Wednesday.

<-MALE STUDENT:->Really? Um … cuz I don't really think I'll have any time to write my paper by then …

<-FEMALE PROFESSOR:->Oh, you won't need to write anything new just yet. For Wednesday, use your class observation notes, and explain the things we've discussed today.

<-MALE STUDENT:->Ok, that sounds all right.

> mythology
>
> literature
>
> oral presentation
>
> third-graders