# Pizza
## Dialogue 1
Jingjing:  You've been here before, right?  
> 你以前来过这里吗？  

Mark:  Lots of times.  I used to live near here.  It was my home away from home.  
> lots of times or a lot of times  
> used to do过去常常做，现在做不了了  
> I used to smoke, but I gave up a couple of years ago.  
> 我以前抽烟，但几年前戒掉了  
> be used to sth/to doing sth.习惯于、适应于。  
> 同get used to sth  
> We're usded to the noise from the traffic now.  

Jingjing:  What do you think we should order?  

Mark:  Well, pizza, for sure.  They have three sizes.  

Jingjing:  We could order two of the smaller ones.  That way, we could get two different kinds of pizza.  
> that way 这样话  
> portion 一份  
> Only a small portion of the budget is spent on books.  
> flavor 味道  
> The tomatoes give extra flavour to the sauce.  

Mark:  `It's a better deal` to get one medium.  It's about the same total price.  But you `end up with` more pizza.  
> It's a better deal to do sth 做某事是更好的选择  
> end up with 结果。。。  
> end up doing sth.  最终成为，最后处于  
> I end up doing all the work myself.  
> If he carries on driving like that, he'll end up dead.  
> It's a better deal to get one medium which's about the same total price, but you end up with more pizza.  

Jingjing:  If you've `run the numbers`, I'll `take your word` for it.  But I don't want to `get stuck with` a whole lot of one kind of pizza.  
> run the numbers = calculate.  
> 计算  
> if you've run the number 如果你计算过了。  
> take your word 相信你  
> I'll take your word.  
> get stuck with sth  被。。。困住了  
> But/ I don't want to /get stuck with /a whole lot of /one kind of pizza.

Mark:  In the menu, it says we can `go half and half`.  The sauce has to be the same, `though`.  
> go half and half 双拼  
> sauce 酱  
> though  
> `adv` 不过，可是，然而。  

Jingjing:  So, let's get half with loads of meat, and half with some choice vegetables.  
> loads of 很多  
> choice vegetables 可挑选的蔬菜  

Mark:  Is there anything we should `keep off` the pizza?  
> keep off sth 不吃  
> I'm trying to keep off fatty foods.  
> keep A off B 使A不接近B  
> 你有什么忌口的吗？  
> Is there anything we should keep off the hotpot?  
> anything 用于否定句，if，whether之后，任何东西  
> any `det`表示任何的，与不可数名词或复数名词连用；表示任一，与单数可数名词连用。  

Jingjing:  I'd rather not have seafood, or anything sweet.  

Mark:  Same with me.  What about mushrooms?  
> same with me = me, too.  

Jingjing:  If we can stay away from mushrooms, that'd be better.  
> stay away from mushrooms 不点蘑菇  

Mark:  Ok.  How about half of this and half of that?  

Jingjing:  Great.  We're all set.  
> We're all set 搞定

## Dialogue 2
Mark:  I'm glad we got that pizza going right away.  What else would you like to order—salad, soup, chicken wings?  
> got sth going right away 把某事赶快做起来  
> soup `美 [sup]` soap `美 [səʊp]`  
> would you like to do 你想做什么  
> would you like anything else, salad, soup, chicken wings.  

Jingjing:  I can't really decide.  
> I have no idea.  

Mark:  Let me `grab` another menu so you can keep looking.  
> grab vt. 顺手一拿  


Jingjing:  Besides pizza, what's good here?  

Mark:  Actually, it's all mostly `pub grub`.There's no need to think about it too much.  
> pub grub`[ɡrʌb]` 酒吧快食  

Jingjing:  It would be nice to have a salad.  
> 来份沙拉就挺好的了  

Mark:  **The salads are okay here. And by okay, I mean so-so. And by so-so, I mean not worth it.**  
> I mean it's not worth ordering it.  

Jingjing:  Uh, o-kay—oh, is that our pizza already?  

Mark:  He's coming toward us—oh, `fake out!`  It was for the people at the next table.  
> fake out 迷惑某人的假象  

Jingjing:  Wow, that's a huge pizza.  Is that the size we ordered?  

Mark:  That's the large.  But the medium is more than enough for the two of us.  
> sth is more than enough for sb 什么对某人足够了。  

Jingjing:  You `should have` said so earlier.  

Mark:  Yeah, this is frat-boy pizza.  It's easy to get your fill.  
> get your fill`美 [fɪl]` 让你吃饱  
> fill n. 吃饱的量

Jingjing:  I'll stop looking at this menu, then.  