# Ocean's Role in Global Warming

To predict what the climate will be like in the future, scientists must rely on sophisticated computer models. These models use mathematical equations to represent physical processes and interactions in the atmosphere, ocean, and on land. A starting point is usually based on current measurements or estimates of past conditions. Then, using a `spherical grid` laid out over the entire globe, thousands of calculations are performed at grid intersections to represent and assess how conditions in the air, in the sea, and on land will change over time. Because of their complexity and size, supercomputers are used to run full-scale climate models. Much of the uncertainty in their outputs comes from the way that various aspects of the climate are represented by different models, and even more so, because there are aspects of climate that are not well understood a significant decrease in snow one of which is how the ocean impacts climate.

预测未来气候依靠精密计算模型，模型使用数学方程式，起点是当前的测量和过去情况的测量，

> spherical grid 球形网格
>
> lay out 布置

The ocean's role in global warming `stems principally from` its huge capacity to absorb carbon dioxide and to store and transport heat. In the sea, photosynthesis by marine plants and algae, especially phytoplankton, removes great quantities of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Hence, the greater the growth (productivity) of phytoplankton in the sea, the greater the removal of carbon dioxide. But what controls the ocean's `productivity`. There are several limiting factors, but results from a recent experiment suggest that in areas of the ocean where other nutrients are plentiful, iron may be one of the most important and, until recently, unrecognized variables controlling phytoplankton production. Some have proposed a radical, highly controversial, and uncertain means to counteract global warming adding iron to the oceans to induce phytoplankton blooms. Perhaps increased phytoplankton growth would use up a significant amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, but perhaps not, and there might well be side effects that could be detrimental to the ocean ecosystem.

海洋的功能来自吸收co2和储存传递热量的能力。

\+ 光合作用从大气吸收co2

\+ 越多浮游植物拿走越多co2

\+ 什么控制海洋的产能

\+ 铁元素是主要的因素和未知的变量

\+ 向海洋中加铁使浮游植物爆发增长

- 不清楚能否吸收co2，有副作用

**Q6:** how might increasing phytoplankton growth help lower global temperatures?

> stem from
>
> productivity [u] 生产效率
>
> production [u]产量
>
> detrimental有害的 harmful
>
> detriment 伤害损害



Within the ocean, the production of limestone, in the form of calcium carbonate skeletons or shells, also reduces atmospheric carbon dioxide. However, when deposits of limestone become exposed and weathered on land or are recycled in the sea, carbon dioxide is released back into the atmosphere. What is not well understood is how much carbon dioxide resides in the sea and at what rate it is taken up and recycled. Relatively new research has also discovered beneath the sea a new and potentially significant threat to skyrocketing Earth temperatures: gas hydrates. Gas hydrates are a solid, crystalline form of water, like ice, except that they contain additional gas, typically methane, and are often found stored in ocean sediments. Increased ocean temperatures could cause gas hydrates to dissociate, releasing massive amounts of methane gas into the atmosphere and cause undersea landslides in the process. Consequently, hydrates may, if released, significantly increase global warming as well as create a geologic hazard to offshore drilling operations.

**Q7:** production of limestone reduces atmospheric carbon dioxide

**Q8:** gas hydrate threat to the global climate

The ocean is also a great reservoir and transporter of heat. Heat from the ocean warms the atmosphere and fuels tropical storms. Heat is transported by currents from the equator to the poles. Ocean circulation is strongly controlled by wind and by the sea's balance of salt and heat. Scientists think that climate warming may slow down circulation, while cooling may speed it up, but these responses are not well understood. Evaporation from the ocean also supplies the precipitation that creates fields of snow and ice at high latitudes. Snow and ice coverage change the reflectivity of Earth's surface and are an important influence on how much incoming radiation is either absorbed or reflected. Furthermore, clouds and water vapor in the atmosphere come mainly from the sea and strongly influence climate. Surprisingly, clouds are one of the least understood and most poorly modeled parts of the climate change equation. Most climate modeling grids fail to take into account common-sized cloud formations. Aerosols, tiny particles of soot, dust, and other materials, are thought to seed cloud formation, scatter incoming radiation and promote cooling, but this effect, which would counteract warming, is also only superficially understood. Computer models of climate change must take into account all of the processes within the ocean, over land, and in the sky that potentially influence warming. No wonder there is such uncertainty.

海洋是热量的容器和传递者

**Q10:** ways that the ocean affects the climate

### Complex Sentences

Then, using a spherical grid laid out over the entire globe, thousands of calculations are performed at grid intersections to represent and assess how conditions in the air, in the sea, and on land will change over time.

成千上万的计算被用在网状的交叉点处。

> perform vt. 执行
>
> grid 网格
>
> intersection 交叉点

There are several limiting factors, but results from a recent experiment suggest that in areas of the ocean where other nutrients are plentiful, iron may be one of the most important and, until recently, unrecognized variables controlling phytoplankton production.

那里有许多限制因素，铁是最重要的一个因素之一，并且铁也是被忽略的变量之一。 



Some（主） have proposed（谓） a radical, highly controversial, and uncertain means（宾） to counteract global warming（定） adding iron to the oceans to induce phytoplankton blooms（同，means）. 

一些人提出了一个激进的，饱受争议的，不确定的抵消全球变暖的方法，向海洋中添加铁元素来导致浮游植物快速生长。